Section23

exposure	曝光

paralyzes	麻痹

demoralizes	道德败坏

impotency	无能

assuages	平息

amateurs

acrimonious	嘲讽的

frankly	直白的

aquatic	水生的

spurns 	蔑视

compelling	引人注目的

resign	放弃顺从

trace	少量

naysayer	唱反调

deplores	谴责

fluctuations	波动

disparities	不同

variances	波动

There is frequently a protracted time interval between the introduction of an innovative musical composition and its public acceptance: the concert-going public often spurns the ______ in favor of the familiar for a prolonged period.
A. comprehensive
B. intricate
C. novel
D. original
E. intelligible
F. complex

There are great ______ in countries’ greenhouse gas emissions, especially in per capita terms: while the United States and China are similar in aggregate emissions, United States per capita emissions are a huge multiple of China’s.
A. distortions
B. disparities
C. fluctuations
D. advances
E. variances
F. vacillations

Mr. Billington, at times, can be a (i)_______. For instance, he deplores the Royal Shakespeare Company’s eight-and-a-half hour version of Nicholas Nickelby, which many found (ii)______.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. naysayer D. perplexing
B. pushover E. unpredictable
C. braggart F. absorbing

Though humanitarian emergencies are frequent features of television news, such exposure seldom ______ the public, which rather seems resigned to a sense of impotency.
A. paralyzes
B. demoralizes
C. assuages
D. galvanizes
E. exasperates

In aquatic environments, the herbicide atrazine is more likely to (i)______ developing amphibians when it is highly diluted than when it is much more concentrated, a new study suggests. Although counterintuitive, the finding is (ii)______ some past research on atrazine and studies showing that other hormonally active compounds are most damaging at trace
concentrations.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. supplant D. unanticipated given
B. kill E. consistent with
C. circumvent F. undiminished by



2. The science of astronomy was begun by amateurs and today remains dependent on their contributions, which are incisive by virtue of being ______ by the a priori assumptions that often vitiate the work of professional research scientists.
   A. characterized
   B. unencumbered
   C. supported
   D. contradicted
   E. inspired



In aquatic environments, the herbicide atrazine is more likely to (i)______ developing amphibians when it is highly diluted than when it is much more concentrated, a new study suggests. Although counterintuitive, the finding is (ii)______ some past research on atrazine and studies showing that other hormonally active compounds are most damaging at trace
concentrations.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. supplant D. unanticipated given
B. kill E. consistent with
C. circumvent F. undiminished by

5. Except for a few passages in the biography in which the subject’s flaws are (i)______, the author’s treatment of her subject is (ii)______.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. too harshly judged D. erudite
B. analyzed in depth E. judicious
C. frankly acknowledged F. acrimonious