Section 34

lament	痛哭

condescending	优越的

vital	至关重要的

poignant	尖锐的 深刻的

boisterousness	喧闹

unpretentiousness	不炫耀

meandering	漫步

maelstroms	极度混乱

hews to	遵守

---

Anna Gavalda’s fiction is appealing largely because of her writing styles, which is certainly (i)________. It is heavy on dialogue (and light on embellishment) features very short sections (of often only a few sentence) in rapid succession, and in general favors an unadorned directness. Not surprisingly, this style works better in short-story form thatn in novels, and the story collection I Wish someone Were Waiting for Me Somewhere (ii)________ her attempt to (iii)________ it in a novel, as in, for example, Someone I loved.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. annoying D. is thought to precede G. undermine
B. distinctive E. fails in comparison with H. sustain
C. convoluted F. impresses considerably more than I. reject

题目中的错字



The science community’s perennial lament over inadequate budgets has come to seem increasing ________, because government support for science and engineering has never been greater.
A. vital
B. hopeless
C. poignant
D. condescending
E. disingenuous

---

3. The meandering journey across the soundscape of the Internet can be (i)________. Listening to music in this medium often generates anxiety fulfillment: no sooner has one experience begun than the thought of what else is out there intrudes. Putting an old-fashioned disk and letting it play to the end restores a measure of (ii)________.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. liberating D. choice
B. taxing E. boredom
C. educational F. sanity

看不懂句子

4. Many scholars have argued that the United States Supreme Court usually (i)________ public opinion in its decisions because it fears that it will (ii)________ if does not, when it does depart from public opinion, it whips up political maelstroms.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. comments on D. lose public support
B. hews to E. mitigate public anger
C. overrides F. create public indifference

DE都会引起动荡