miserliness:  greedy
stinginess : mean
frugality :   avoiding waste
illiberality: mean
intolerance: cant tolereant
thrift:  avoiding waste
disinterestedness 
insincerity 
conviction:信念
accede: join
controversial : arouse argue
disquieting: 令人不安的
ritual:仪式
reckless: 鲁莽的
bureaucracy: 官僚主义
injudicious

besieged 包围
aloof 冷淡的
placid 平静的
restive 躁动的
skittish 不安的
tranquil 平静的
retrospective 回顾的
pleading 乞求
prosaic 平凡的
long-awaited 期待已久的
fortuitous 偶然的
indecorous 不合理
unseemly 不合理的
attainment 到达
rumination 反刍
uncritically 不加辨别的
hotly 激动的
dispute 正常
commitment 承诺
complementary 补的
imperiously 自大的
unsparing 严格的
belligerent 互斗的
mirror 镜子 @@错误

Human nature and long distances have made exceeding the speed limit a
(i)_________ in the state, made 

______

For some time now, _________ has been presumed not to exist: the cynical
conviction that everybody has an angle is considered wisdom.
A rationality
B flexibility
C diffidence
D disinterestedness
E insincerity


Human nature and long distances have made exceeding the speed limit a
(i)_________ in the state, so the legislators surprised no one when, acceding to
public demand, they (ii)_________ increased penalties for speeding.
Blank (i) 										Blank (ii)
A controversial habit			D endorsed
B cherished tradition 			E considered
C disquieting ritual			F rejected

Philosophy, unlike most other subjects, does not try to extend our knowledge by
discovering new information about the world. Instead it tries to deepen our
understanding through (i)_________ what is already closest to us — the
experiences, thoughts, concepts, and activities that make up our lives but that
ordinarily escape our notice precisely because they are so familiar. Philosophy
begins by finding (ii)_________ the things that are (iii) _________.
Blank (i) 			Blank (ii) 					Blank (iii)
A attainment of		D essentially irrelevant		G most prosaic
B rumination on		E utterly					H somewhat mysterious hackneyed
C detachment from	F thoroughly commonplace			I refreshingly novel
GH 怎么抉择? 

No other contemporary poet’s work has such a well-earned reputation for
(i)_________, and there are few whose moral vision is so imperiously unsparing.
Of late, however, the almost belligerent demands of his severe and densely
forbidding poetry have taken an improbable turn. This new collection is the
poet’s fourth book in six years — an ample output even for poets of sunny
disposition, let alone for one of such (ii)_________ over the previous 50 years.
Yet for all his newfound (iii)_________, his poetry is as thorny as ever.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A patent	D penitential accessibility		G taciturnity austerity
B intrinsic frivolity	E intractable prolixity		H volubility
C near impenetrability	F impetuous prodigality		I pellucidity

Newspapers report that the former executive has been trying to keep a low
profile since his _________ exit from the company.
A celebrated
B mysterious
C long-awaited
D fortuitous
 E indecorous
F unseemly
选什么都不对啊  CEO 都exit, 他自己怎么在trying keep low profile