Section 36

The potential reduction in water lost from the proposed reservoir from evaporation is ______ inconsequential: even the minimum projected reduction would save enough water to furnish the needs of a Denver-sized municipality.
A. nearly
B. comparatively
C. scarcely
D. rarely
E. hardly
F. relatively

rarely seldom 还是有一点的 

scarcely 完全没有

As he has matured as a scholar, Felmar has come to see the merit of qualification. His conclusions, which early in his career he (i)______, are now often (ii)______.
Blank (i) Blank (i)
A. stated as absolute D. hedged
B. refused to reveal E. simplified
C. backed up extensively F. reiterated

----

7. The recent exhibition on Dadaism is nothing if not ______, for the visual arts are currently awash in Dadaist gestures and gambits of one variety or another.
  A. sensational
  B. timely
  C. daunting
  D. ill-advised
  E. opportune
  F. misguided

  作对看不懂句子

  6. To pay for the extra spending under this international poverty plan, each American would have to contribute less than the cost of buying a premium cup of coffee once a week. But financial aid is not (i)______, and even if the funding recommended here were to (ii)______, the grandest objectives may well remain unfulfilled. Nonetheless, carefully targeted aid can reward responsible governments, (iii)______ individual initiative, and alleviate suffering. Many will think that’s worth a cup of coffee.
  Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
  A. an impediment D. be insufficient G. obviate
  B. a panacea E. recede H. temper
  C. a malady F. materialize I. encourage

  第二空的推论

  3. The (i)______ of molecular oxygen on Earth-sized planets around other stars in the universe would not be (ii)______ sign of life: molecular oxygen can be a signature of photosynthesis (a biotic process) or merely of the rapid escape of water from the upper reaches of a planetary atmosphere (an abiotic process)

     Blank (i) Blank (ii)
     A. dearth D. a controversial
     B. presumption E. an unambiguous
     C. detection F. a possible

     A E 为什么不行