Section 32

metaphorical 比喻的

sectarian	宗派的

abstruse	深奥的

perish	死亡

disastrous	灾难性的

dire	可怕的

portrait	肖像 

waning	减弱 月亏

inflammatory	煽动性的

gloomy	黑暗的

uninspired	平凡的

puerile	幼稚的

distressing	破坏处理使痛苦

deteriorating	恶化 不是单纯的decay 带方向

---

Gravitational waves---ripples in the geometry of space-time--- are analogous to electromagnetic waves. The challenge in trying to observe these waves directly is that they are extremely weak. To make waves large enough to be (i)________, the most (ii)________ events in the universe are required: supernova explosions, the formation of black holes, or the collision of stars. Even so, the effects are (iii)________. The geometry changes so little that a
distance of several kilometers changes by less than the diameter of a proton.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. detectable D. obvious G. masked
B. usable E. subtle H. disastrous
C. explicable F. violent I. minuscule



不能完全的反驳 注意对应后文



---

6. Cultures can shape attitudes and beliefs in ways that (i)________ conscious awareness or control; in other words, cultural orientations may develop from processes that do not entail (ii)________ participation, and cultures may pervade subtle psychological dynamics in ways that individuals may not be able to (iii)________. Thus, theories and tools developed to study implicit cognition may increase our understanding of the complex interplay between culture and individuals.
   Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
   A. operate outside of D. active G. report
   B. tend to facilitate E. random H. maintain
   C. may not alter F. rote I. condone



9. The performer can be ________ in his comedy, but he is fundamentally a bighearted person who displays a core sweetness even at his most manic.
   A. inflammatory
   B. pedestrian
   C. gloomy
   D. uninspired
   E. puerile
   F. provocative