Section 29

Barker’s account of how morality have evolved over time is illuminating. It reveals as (i)______ and (ii)______ some values that have often been regarded as (iii)______, while uncovering other values that do indeed seem to be universal.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. transient D. transcendent G. liberating
B. instinctive E. relative H. nonnegotiable
C. resilient F. enduring I. antiquated

直觉?

5. A minor criticism of the book, which is (i)______ an understanding of the difficulty of doing direct research in Hong Kong’s, is that So relied on secondary sources to tell the story of Hong Kong’s political development, with previous histories of the period (ii)______ his research. Given So’s (iii)______ many of the players in Hong Kong politics, it is surprising that he did not use interviews and other forms of direct research to delve further into the motivations, strategies, and tactics of participants.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. attributable to D. largely debunked by G. deference to
B. exacerbated by E. obviating the need for H. estrangement from
C. tempered by F. playing a large role in I. proximity to

4. Recent proposals for fixing the climate have taken the form of large-scale geoengineering projects such as launching mirrors into space to reflect solar radiation away from Earth, undertakings that are vastly more (i)______ than anything a nineteenth-century rainmaker could have cooked up. What is unclear, as one looks back at the history of weather modification research, is whether this resourceful ambition will be (ii)______, or if, by contrast, it serves to make the scientific community’s (iii)______ that much more devastating.
  Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
  A. effective D. anticipated G. avidity
  B. enterprising E. challenged H. impotence
  C. accessible F. productive I. resignation

  productive 好词

  3. For many adults, the adolescent years occupy (i)______ place in the memory, which to some degree is even quantifiable: give a grown adult a series of random prompts and cues, and odds are he or she will recall (ii)______ number of memories from adolescence.
    Blank (i) Blank (ii)
    A. a peripheral D. a disproportionate
    B. a privileged E. a modest
    C. an arbitrary F. an uncertain

    

disproportionate 语感更合适

modest 方向合适

Hyana Kusiemko and her colleagues speculate that the (i)______ support among low-income workers for increases in the minimum wage is a form of last-place aversion: people who are in a marginally better position than the worst off seek to (ii)______ to distinguish themselves from those in last place.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. unwavering D. disavow their willingness
B. vociferous E. retain their ability
C. tepid F. dissemble their need