Section 27

harrowing	痛心的

slant	倾斜

heartening	鼓舞人心

disowned	否认

confining	局限的

betrayed	无意中透漏

professed	宣讲宣称

compliment	恭维

paltry	不足的无价值的

---

To criticize a disaster film for being ________ is a bit silly, since people do not go to disaster movies to see an honest portrayed of reality.
A. expensive
B. harrowing
C. derivative
D. convoluted
E. implausible

语感

If newspaper consumers are concerned about more than (i)________ and prefer to read news that is consistent with their beliefs, then (ii)________ is not a journalistic flaw, but, rather, a cultivated feature. In a competitive news market, producers can use slant to differentiate their products and stave off price competition.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. politics D. bias
B. accuracy E. sensationalism
C. expense F. inconsistency

对于和自己意见相同 对比 把握不够准确

China’s rapidly growing population is the main threat facing large carnivores in the People’s Republic. Increasingly, policies aimed at limiting population growth have been (i)________: nevertheless, the country’s vast size and the isolation of many its regions mean that human populations in areas where large carnivores still occur(ii)________. This human pressure has (iii)________ the South China tiger.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. modified D. could start to decline G. celebrated
B. de-emphasized E. can grow unchecked H. doomed
C. implemented F. have stabilized I. bypassed

整体逻辑的把控 aimed at 推断第一空

Although legislators on both sides of the issues have repeatedly________ a desire to find a
middle ground, until now no acceptable compromise has been achieved.
A. discussed
B. proclaimed
C. professed
D. rejected
E. disowned
F. betrayed

单词辨析

The author engages this issue from diverse perspectives, supports his arguments with many examples, and manages to avoid antagonizing others in dealing with a very _____ subject.
A. contentious
B. pedestrian
C. controversial
D. perplexing
E. mundane
F. intriguing

不是反驳 不是理由 不应该错

To call Kermode the finest English critic of his generation be a_________ compliment, since not many of its population are professionally engaged in literary criticism.
A. sincere
B. backhanded
C. paltry
D. heartfelt
E. meager
F. plausible

单词