Section 24

 

motley	混杂的

assortment	混合物

opportunistic	机会主义 投机取巧

melodramatic	夸张的

ostentatiousness	炫耀

mawkishness	伤感

austerity	朴素

debilitating	使衰弱

distinctive	与众不同

fulfillment	履行,实现

insurmountable	不能克服的

fungible	可替代的

connoisseurship	鉴赏家身份

premature	早熟早产

renowned	著名的

diffuse	传播

dampen	抑制 丧气

spread	传播

dispersal	分布

intrinsic	固有的

unjust	不公平



----

5. Many fairy tales are complex narratives of wish fulfillment. They teach the reader that a struggle against severe difficulties in life is (i) _________, that it is an intrinsic part of human existence, and that if one does not (ii)_________, but steadfastly meets unexpected and often unjust hardships, one masters all obstacles and at the end (iii)__________.
   Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
   A. atypical D. preserve G. elicits adversities
   B. unavoidable E. improvise H. emerges victorious
   C. insurmountable F. shy away I. evades achievements
4. Since fibromyalgia’s symptoms can be (i) _________ and can (ii)_________ other disorder, and its diagnosis depends largely on patients’ descriptions rather than blood tests or biopsies, fibromyalgia’s cause and treatment have been the subject of much debate.
      Blank (i) Blank (ii)
      A. wide-ranging D. mimic
      B. distinctive E. illuminate
      C. debilitating F. preclude
   

Many fairy tales are complex narratives of wish fulfillment. They teach the reader that a struggle against severe difficulties in life is (i) _________, that it is an intrinsic part of human existence, and that if one does not (ii)_________, but steadfastly meets unexpected and often unjust hardships, one masters all obstacles and at the end (iii)__________.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. atypical D. preserve G. elicits adversities
B. unavoidable E. improvise H. emerges victorious
C. insurmountable F. shy away I. evades achievements

There is __________ in the director’s most recent film that keeps the melodramatic possibilities latent in its script safely at bay.
A. a mawkishness
B. a predictability
C. an austerity
D. an ostentatiousness
E. an emotiveness

10. Although many skeptics of the scientific theory ______ critiques that have long since been disproved, some of the doubters arguably bring up  valid points.

    A. overlook
    B. revise
    C. recycle
    D. utilize
    E. neglect
    F. rehash







1990科学|| 不科学(skeptics )

