Section 41 

trepidation 	惊恐

fabled	虚构的





The essential difference between writing nonfiction and writing fiction is that the artist can (i)______ a completed vision of the world, while the journalist never can, the real world being always (ii)______. Art provides freedom from the bewildering complexities of constant change. Indeed, it is the very (iii)______ of well-wrought fiction that can sometimes make it feel more real than reality.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. shun D. diverting G. popularity
B. correct E. tragic H. rarity
C. realize F. unfinished I. clarity

freedom from 反应

----





7. They applaud the musicals of the 1930s and 1940s, whose plethora of stars, jokes, dances, witty dialogue, and general gaiety make today’s offerings seem ______ by comparison.
   A. cheerless
     B. vacuous
     C. mirthful
     D. insincere
     E. gloomy
     F. jovial

  答案AF? E比F好啊 更有福满情绪  答案错了吧?

9. The research informing Gregory’s book on vegetarianism in Victorian England appears to be ______, with a great deal of revealing detail on display and more than a third of the text taken up with footnotes.
   A. uneven
     B. excessive
     C. exhaustive
     D. inconsistent
     E. comprehensive
     F. mixed

3. Making the shift to the 90-nanometer manufacturing process has been (i)_____ for semiconductor companies. This process effectively doubles the manufacturing capacity of the industry, but it (ii)_____ enormous technical challenges because some components of the new semiconductor chips are no more than five to seven molecules thick.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. an unanticipated boon D. circumvents
B. a routine accomplishment E. entails
C. a significant struggle F. resolves