Section 20

conservation	保存

archaic	古老的

gossamer	微小的东西

contrivance	发明

mascot	吉祥物

flits	掠过

whims	异想天开的想法

recoil	退缩

deviate	偏离

solely	单独的

pious	虔诚的

sentiments	情绪

querulous	易怒的 爱发牢骚的



错题

----

When a new scientific model emerges, research studies (i)________that paradigm tend to dominate in the scientific literature: the process of selecting articles for publication is tilted towards positive results. But because the paradigm (ii)________, the academic incentives
shift in the opposite direction: research results are more considered worthy publication when they (iii)________ what has become the established view.
Blank(i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. tweaking D. is initially articulated G. bolster
B. affirming E. has become entrenched H. circumvent
C. controverting F. is about to be attacked I. undermine



The initial, widely shared pessimism turned out to be ________, because it ignored the many things that could be done with be resources left behind.
A. unintelligible
B. unfathomable
C. unfounded
D. unimaginative
E. unjustified
F. unimportant

---

4. Argument may be an overly (i)________ word to apply to the gossamer contrivance that is Summer of Hummingbirds. In what seems a self-conscious (ii)________ of its mascot the book flits from one subject or moment in history to another, following the various whims of
    its author.
    Blank (i) Blank (ii)
    A. archaic D. repudiation
    B. imprecise E. emulation
    C. robust F. misrepresentation
  
  3. The author suggests that cinema archives should become more like museums, justifying their existence by selecting, grouping and commenting on important films. By thus (i)________films, archives would not only serve as repositories but would provide (ii)________ as well.
      Blank (i) Blank (ii)
    A. improving D. conservation
    B. restoring E. education
    C. interpreting F. income
  

    
6. Despite a tendency to be overtly ________, her poetry does not consist solely of pious sentiments: it often sparks the imagination and provides lively entertainment.
  A. preachy
  B. querulous
  C. insincere
  D. sanctimonious
  E. plaintive
  F. disingenuous