Section 29

surreptitious	暗中的

vexatious	令人烦恼的

opportunistic	投机取巧

inflated	膨胀

fastidious	挑剔

countermand	取消

incommensurate	不相称,不成比例的

opulence	丰富

enormity	巨大的

venues	场地,犯罪现场

conferences	会议

insouciance	无忧 满不在乎 

stubborn	顽固的

malodorous	有恶臭的

benign	和蔼的

noisome	有害的

anodyne	止痛剂 不得罪人的

forestalled	阻断 

---

People frequently attempt to relieve their workplace frustrations via surreptitious comments around the water cooler but would be better able to resolve their resentment if they were less (i)________ about their problem and imitated a more (ii)________ dialogue.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. vexatious D. equitable
B. clandestine E. sincere
C. opportunistic F. open

反义词细节

Pioneering medical research scientists’ (i)________ claims regarding the (ii)________ new
researches make the public wonder their own doctors are not dispensing miracles. There are
forces, both external and internal, on scientists that most require them to (iii)________.
Without money, there is no science. Researchers must constantly convince administrators
who control tax dollars, investors, and individual donors that the work they are doing will
make a difference.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
modest D. serious constraints on G. improvise
inflated E. overblown interpretations of H. oversell
fastidious F. potential benefits of I. generalize

regard as 不能同向重复

Galaxy Zoo set a standard for citizen-scientist participation project. Zealous volunteers
(i)________ the project’s organizers by classifying an entire catalog of galaxies years ahead
of schedule, (ii)________ by the (iii)________ of the Galaxy Zoo team was inspired to
pursue lines of research they had never even imagined
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. beguiled D. baffled G. insouciance
B. forestalled E. buoyed H. stoicism
C. astonished F. embarrassed I. alacrity

Even manifest flaws in the sculptor’s work have not ________ its respectful reception by most modern critics.
A. determined
B. controlled
C. undermined
D. prevented
E. overshadowed
F. precluded

错两次了 

The town’s air was consistently________: depending on the breeze, one might be greeted with the sour effluvia of twenty breweries, choking fumes from the coal factory, or brackish smells from the nearby river.
A. malodorous
B. toxic
C. redolent
D. benign
E. noisome
F. anodyne

单词

----



5. Despite the occasional (i)________ of their venues, the culture of corporate conferences is a deeply  (ii)________ conference, each day consisted of nearly nine hours of continuous lectures and panels enlivened by pleasantries or anything that could be construed as a joke. The only (iii)________ sensory deprivation of the sessions came from the handsome color slides favored by the corporate presenters
   Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
   A. seclusion D. sycophantic G. allusion to
   B. opulence E. ascetic H. ramification of
   C. enormity F. mercenary I. respite from

GI 区分

allusion	suggest

