Section 21

opponents	对手

severe	严峻的

sober	冷静的严肃的

dejected	沮丧

paleontologist	古生物学家

conflated	合并

divulged	泄露

fictitious	虚构的

marveled over	惊讶于

all the more	更加

tactful	策略的 机智额度

thoughtful	深思的

precipitate	鲁莽的

conspired	共谋

heartening	鼓舞人心的

ensuing	随后的

spate	一连串的

scandals	诋毁丑闻

mild	淡淡的,温和的

concomitants	伴随的

elusive	难捉摸的

unostentatious	朴素.不装饰

majestic	庄严的

flamboyant	艳丽的,火焰状的

cast-iron	严格的

reproach	斥责

respite	缓解

deference	顺从

specious	虚假的 似是而非的

precedent	先前的

错题

---

The paleontologist examined the problem afresh, believing that the accepted classification________ the essential continuity of the specimens by making specious distinctions among them.
A. disproved
B. belied
C. conflated
D. divulged
E. relaxed

A cure for the common cold has been so elusive that it has become a modern symbol of________.
A. danger
B. futility
C. unease
D. pointlessness
E. sloth
F. apathy

The slow pace of job creation was without precedent for the period of recovery from a recession, but the conditions that conspired to cause the recession were also (i)_________.The stock market declined sharply, and rampant business investment slumped. Then anensuing spate of scandals (ii)__________ public trust in the way companies were run. And yet,despite these powerful (iii)________ to growth, the recession proved surprisingly
mild.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. heartening D. weakened G. counterforces
B. atypical E. illuminated H. stimulants
C. ambiguous F. consolidated I. concomitants

---

4. Scholars have marveled over the (i)________ that Shakespeare displays in his works, noting that such broad learning is all the more remarkable given that books were relatively (ii)_______ in Shakespeare’s time.
    Blank (i) Blank (ii)
    A. meticulousness D. edifying
    B. humor E. scarce
    C. erudition F. inexpensive

  没有推断点

  

  10. His premiership, seemingly cast-iron a year ago, is now so vulnerable that even a good day at the office does no more than buy him a few weeks of ________ from rebels within his own  party.
    A. controversy
    B. reproach
    C. respite
    D. relief
    E. blame
    F. deference

  buy him a few weeks of ________ from rebels within his own
  party. 看不懂



3. Invention was (i)________ the work of the ancient Greek historians, whose writings were filled with long and often purely fictitious speeches by great historical figures. The animating force in historical writing was rhetoric rather than (ii)________. Even well into the eighteenth century, not a few historians continued to understand themselves as artists, given a license to invent.
Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. discouraged in D. eloquence
B. a hallmark of E. evidence
C. exceptional in F. imagination

第二空

5. She was never (i)________: she was nothing if not discreet, so she (ii)________  to declare her passion for the present.
    Blank (i) Blank (ii)
    A. precipitate D. pretended
    B. tactful E. decided
    C. thoughtful F. forbore

  谨慎为什么压抑现在去说明激情?