Section 7

fiscal	会计的 财政的

blatant	公然地

wholly	完全的

presidency	董事的

reclusive	隐居的

clergyman	牧师

melancholy	忧郁

susceptible	易受影响的

quell	平息

presaged	预示

dieticians	营养师

culinary	烹饪

unprecedented	史无前例的

unwarranted	无根据的

exigencies	紧急

concession	特许,让步

inattention 	不注意

fractiousness	倔强

affable	和蔼

Endangered Species Act (ESA)	Act 法案

fared	进度进展



The great (i)______ of most books that examine the American presidency is their ideological bias, but for the most part, this volume on the presidency maintains an impressive degree of (ii)______.

从句结束位置错误 翻译!

The reclusive clergyman may have lived and died in melancholy, but this doesn’t seem to have (i)______ his genius in any way. On the contrary, we find ourselves wondering whether  his genius wasn’t (ii)______ in some mysterious way by his mood.

Blank (i) Blank (ii)
A. influenced D. served
B. hampered E. controlled
C. triggered F. identified

逻辑感知!

A clever form of diplomacy involves subtly inducing the other party to propose your preference so that your ______ their requests appears as the granting of concession.
A. accession to
B. inattention to
C. subversion of
D. abnegation of
E. repudiation of
F. acquiescence to

别想太多 态度直白

----

Applications of the Endangered Species Act (ESA) have fared best in contexts in which habitat condition is closely linked to species condition and the cause of habitat degradation is easily identified. The achievements of the ESA in those contexts, however, have (i)______ that other uses of the act can (ii)______ that record even where such favorable conditions do not (iii)______.
Blank (i) Blank (ii) Blank (iii)
A. quelled the conviction D. mitigate G. vary
B. presaged the uncertainty E. duplicate H. pertain
C. fostered the misconception F. elucidate I. diminish

